Adds error field to history response (#433)
vacp2p/rfc: content/docs/rfcs/13/README.md

  In the forward pagination, the `cursor` holds the `Index` of the last message in the `HistoryResponse` `messages` (and the first message in the backward paging). 
  The requester shall embed the returned  `cursor` inside its next `HistoryQuery` to retrieve the next page of the waku messages.  
  The  `cursor` obtained from one node SHOULD NOT be used in a request to another node because the result MAY be different.
- The `error` field contains information about any error that has occurred while processing the corresponding `HistoryQuery`.

>   `NONE` stands for no error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `NONE` stands for no error. This is also the default value.
```

>   `INVALID_CURSOR` signifies the situation that the  `cursor` of the `HistoryQuery` does not match with the `Index` of any of the  `WakuMessage`s persisted by the queried node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `INVALID_CURSOR` means that the  `cursor` field of `HistoryQuery` does not match with the `Index` of any of the  `WakuMessage`s persisted by the queried node.
```
